# Org.OpenAPITools.Model.ApplePaySession

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**TransactionId** | **string** | Opayo&#39;s unique reference for this transaction. | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** | Result of transaction registration.  * &#x60;Ok&#x60; - Transaction request completed successfully.  * &#x60;NotAuthed&#x60; - Transaction request was not authorised by the bank.  * &#x60;Rejected&#x60; - Transaction rejected by your fraud rules.  * &#x60;Malformed&#x60; - Missing properties or badly formed body.  * &#x60;Invalid&#x60; - Invalid property values supplied.  * &#x60;Error&#x60; - An error occurred at Opayo.  | [optional] 
**StatusDetail** | **string** | A detailed reason for the &#x60;status&#x60; of the transaction. | [optional] 
**EpochTimeStamp** | **string** | The date and time of the signature&#39;s creation in milliseconds, formatted in Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**ExpiresAt** | **string** | The date and time of the signature&#39;s creation in milliseconds, formatted in Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**MerchantSessionIdentifier** | **string** | The value of the merchant session to be passed back to the browser session. | [optional] 
**Nonce** | **string** | A one-time nonce value generated by Apple&#39;s servers. | [optional] 
**MerchantIdentifier** | **string** | Your merchant identifier. | [optional] 
**DomainName** | **string** | The domain that is registered with Apple Pay. | [optional] 
**DisplayName** | **string** | The display name associated with your vendor account. | [optional] 
**SessionValidationToken** | **string** | A token used to validate the session when you transact via Apple Pay | [optional] 
**Signature** | **string** | A hash of the public key used to sign the interactions. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

