# Org.OpenAPITools.Model.CredentialType
The `credentialType` object is required when creating a token `Save`:`true` or using a token `reusable`:`true` or for Repeat transactions where `transactionType`:`Repeat`. It advises the card issuer the reason why your storing a credential on file, and when using a stored credential.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CofUsage** | **string** | Indicates whether you are storing the credential to file for the first time. When storing the credential for the first time you must also submit the &#x60;strongCustomerAuthentication&#x60; object and &#x60;apply3DSecure&#x60;:&#x60;Force&#x60;, as the cardholder must undergo a 3D Secure authentication with a challenge before you can safely store the credential to file. 3D Secure authentication is not currently required for Mail Order Telephone Order (MOTO) transactions.   * &#x60;First&#x60; &#x3D; You are first storing a credential on file.   * &#x60;Subsequent&#x60; &#x3D; You are using a stored credential  | 
**InitiatedType** | **string** | Indicates whether the cardholder is in-session (CIT), where they are on your website and they select the submit button to make a payment. Or the cardholder is off-session (MIT), where they are not involved in the payment flow and the merchant initiates the transaction for goods or services provided.   * &#x60;CIT&#x60; &#x3D; Consumer Initiated Transaction also known as Cardholder Initiated Transaction. 3D Secure authentication is required unless it is a MOTO transaction.   * &#x60;MIT&#x60; &#x3D; Merchant Initiated Transaction. The &#x60;cofUsage&#x60;:&#x60;Subsequent&#x60; must be submitted. 3D Secure authentication is not required.  | 
**MitType** | **string** | Indicates what you&#39;ll be storing and using the credential on file for. You must check first with your acquirer to see that they support the type of MIT you intend to use. Unscheduled Credential on File and Recurring payments are typically supported by all acquirers. Required if &#x60;initiatedType&#x60;:&#x60;MIT&#x60;, highly recommended if &#x60;initiatedType&#x60;:&#x60;CIT&#x60;.   * &#x60;Instalment&#x60; &#x3D; A single purchase of goods/services paid for over multiple payments.   * &#x60;Recurring&#x60; &#x3D; A purchase of goods/services provided at fixed regular intervals not exceeding one year between transactions.   * &#x60;Unscheduled&#x60; &#x3D; A purchase of goods/services provided at irregular intervals with a fixed or variable amount.   * &#x60;Incremental&#x60; &#x3D; An additional purchase made after an initial or estimated authorisation. Example; room service is added to the cardholders stay. Only available for certain MCCs, such as Hotels, Car Rental companies.   * &#x60;DelayedCharge&#x60; &#x3D; An additional charge made after original services are rendered. Example; a parking fine. Only available for certain MCCs such as Car Rental companies.   * &#x60;NoShow&#x60; &#x3D; A charge for services where the cardholder entered into an agreement to purchase, but did not meet the terms of the agreement. Example; A no show after booking a hotel room. Only available for certain MCCs, such as Hotels, Car Rental companies.   * &#x60;Reauthorisation&#x60; &#x3D; A further purchase is made after the original purchase.  Example; extended stays/rentals. Can also be used in split shipment scenarios.   * &#x60;Resubmission&#x60; &#x3D; An authorisation request has been declined due to insufficient funds &#x60;bankResponseCode&#x60;:&#x60;51&#x60;, at the time the goods or services have already provided. You can resubmit your transaction to attempt to get a successful authorisation.  | [optional] 
**RecurringExpiry** | **string** | YYYYMMDD. Required if &#x60;mitType&#x60;:&#x60;Recurring&#x60; or &#x60;mitType&#x60;:&#x60;Instalment&#x60;. This value relates to the date of when the last Recurring payment or Instalment will occur. If you submit a Recurring or Instalment transaction request after this date for the stored credential, the card issuer may decline the transaction or provide a &#39;soft decline&#39;. | [optional] 
**RecurringFrequency** | **string** | Value is in days. Required if &#x60;mitType&#x60;:&#x60;Recurring&#x60; or &#x60;mitType&#x60;:&#x60;Instalment&#x60;. The regular frequency of the Recurring payment or Instalment. | [optional] 
**PurchaseInstalData** | **string** | Value is in days. Required if &#x60;mitType&#x60;:&#x60;Instalment&#x60;. Must be a value greater than 1, example, 2 and upwards. The number of instalments required to fully pay off the received goods or services. Any extra instalments taken greater than the value entered, may lead to the card issuer declining the transaction request. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

