# Org.OpenAPITools.Model.StrongCustomerAuthentication
The `strongCustomerAuthentication` object is used for 3D Secure Version 2.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**NotificationURL** | **string** | Fully qualified URL of the system that receives the CRes message or Error Message and where your customer will be returned once they have completed their challenge. The CRes message is posted by the ACS through the Cardholder browser at the end of the challenge AND once it receives an RRes (Result Response) message from Opayo. | 
**BrowserIP** | **string** | The IPv4 or IPv6 address of the client connecting to your server making the payment as returned by the HTTP headers. This should be a full IP address which you can obtain from your server scripts. There is no need to pad IPv4 IP addresses with leading zeros (eg 12.34.45.56 not 012.034.045.056), doing so will cause transactions to be rejected. | 
**BrowserAcceptHeader** | **string** | Exact content of the HTTP accept headers as sent to the 3DS Requestor from the Cardholder&#39;s browser. | 
**BrowserJavascriptEnabled** | **bool** | Boolean that represents the ability of the cardholder browser to execute JavaScript. | [default to false]
**BrowserJavaEnabled** | **bool** | Boolean that represents the ability of the cardholder browser to execute Java. Value is returned from the &#x60;navigator.javaEnabled&#x60; property. Required if &#x60;browserJavascriptEnabled&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to false]
**BrowserLanguage** | **string** | Value representing the browser language as defined in IETF BCP47. Returned from &#x60;navigator.language&#x60; property. | 
**BrowserColorDepth** | **string** | Value representing the bit depth of the colour palette for displaying images, in bits per pixel.   Obtained from Cardholder browser using the &#x60;screen.colorDepth&#x60; property.   * &#x60;1&#x60; &#x3D; 1 bit  * &#x60;4&#x60; &#x3D; 4 bits  * &#x60;8&#x60; &#x3D; 8 bits  * &#x60;15&#x60; &#x3D; 15 bits  * &#x60;16&#x60; &#x3D; 16 bits  * &#x60;24&#x60; &#x3D; 24 bits  * &#x60;32&#x60; &#x3D; 32 bits  * &#x60;48&#x60; &#x3D; 48 bits  Required if &#x60;browserJavascriptEnabled&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**BrowserScreenHeight** | **string** | Total height of the Cardholder&#39;s screen in pixels. Value is returned from the &#x60;screen.height&#x60; property. Required if &#x60;BrowserJavascriptEnabled&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] 
**BrowserScreenWidth** | **string** | Total width of the cardholder&#39;s screen in pixels. Value is returned from the &#x60;screen.width&#x60; property. Required if &#x60;BrowserJavascriptEnabled&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] 
**BrowserTZ** | **string** | Time-zone offset in minutes between UTC and the Cardholder browser local time.   &#x60;Note&#x60; : The offset is positive if the local time zone is behind UTC and negative if it is ahead.    Example time zone offset values in minutes:  If UTC -5 hours (-300 minutes):  * 300  * +300  If UTC +5 hours (300 minutes):  * -300  Required if &#x60;browserJavascriptEnabled&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**BrowserUserAgent** | **string** | Exact content of the HTTP user-agent header. | 
**ChallengeWindowSize** | **string** | Dimensions of the challenge window that has been displayed to the Cardholder.   The ACS shall reply with content that is formatted to appropriately render the challenge UI in this window, to provide the best possible user experience.  Preconfigured sizes are width x height in pixels of the window displayed in the Cardholder browser window.   * &#x60;Small&#x60; &#x3D; 250 x 400  * &#x60;Medium&#x60; &#x3D; 390 x 400  * &#x60;Large&#x60; &#x3D; 500 x 600  * &#x60;ExtraLarge&#x60; &#x3D; 600 x 400  * &#x60;FullScreen&#x60; &#x3D; Full screen  | 
**AcctID** | **string** | The account ID, if applicable, of your customers account on your website. | [optional] 
**TransType** | **string** | Identifies the type of transaction being authenticated.    * &#x60;GoodsAndServicePurchase&#x60; &#x3D; Goods/ Service Purchase   * &#x60;CheckAcceptance&#x60; &#x3D; Check Acceptance   * &#x60;AccountFunding&#x60; &#x3D; Account Funding   * &#x60;QuasiCashTransaction&#x60; &#x3D; Quasi-Cash Transaction   * &#x60;PrepaidActivationAndLoad&#x60; &#x3D; Prepaid Activation and Load  Values derived from the 8583 ISO Standard.  | 
**ThreeDSRequestorAuthenticationInfo** | [**StrongCustomerAuthenticationThreeDSRequestorAuthenticationInfo**](StrongCustomerAuthenticationThreeDSRequestorAuthenticationInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**ThreeDSRequestorPriorAuthenticationInfo** | [**StrongCustomerAuthenticationThreeDSRequestorPriorAuthenticationInfo**](StrongCustomerAuthenticationThreeDSRequestorPriorAuthenticationInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**AcctInfo** | [**StrongCustomerAuthenticationAcctInfo**](StrongCustomerAuthenticationAcctInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**MerchantRiskIndicator** | [**StrongCustomerAuthenticationMerchantRiskIndicator**](StrongCustomerAuthenticationMerchantRiskIndicator.md) |  | [optional] 
**ThreeDSExemptionIndicator** | **string** | Indicates the reason you&#39;re bypassing 3D Secure authentication. Use in conjunction with &#x60;apply3DSecure&#x60;:&#x60;Disable&#x60;. You must first get permission from your acquirer to use exemptions. Using exemptions means that fraud liability, for the transaction, is shifted to you the merchant. If the card issuer does not agree with the exemption, they can return a &#39;soft decline&#39; - response code of &#x60;bankResponseCode&#x60;:&#x60;65&#x60; or &#x60;bankResponseCode&#x60;:&#x60;1A&#x60; - Opayo will automatically request for 3D Secure authentication and submit another authorisation request to the card issuer with 3D Secure authentication data. It is important that you correctly populate the required field values for the &#x60;strongCustomerAuthentication&#x60; object.   * &#x60;LowValue&#x60; &#x3D; Low Value Transaction (LVT); the transaction value must be 30 EUR or less and is permitted for a maximum of five consecutive LVTs or a maximum cumulative LVT amount can be 100 EUR. On the sixth LVT or when the cumulative LVT amount is over 100 EUR, then 3D Secure authentication must be performed. Since the cardholder could have used their LVT exemptions elsewhere on other merchants&#39; sites, you would not be able to accurately use this exemption. Only the card issuer will know if the LVT exemption counters have been reached.   * &#x60;TransactionRiskAnalysis&#x60; &#x3D; Transaction Risk Analysis (TRA); if you or your acquirer have a low number of chargebacks over a given number of transactions, the card schemes will have more trust in you and the acquirer and permit eligible merchants to bypass authentication using the TRA exemption.   * &#x60;TrustedMerchant&#x60; &#x3D; Trusted beneficiaries / merchant; you can use this exemption if the cardholder adds you to a trusted beneficiaries list. They can do this if prompted to do so by their card issuer either when they log into their bank account or during a challenge authentication flow.   * &#x60;SecureCorporatePayment&#x60; &#x3D; Secure Corporate Payments; if your client uses a secure corporate card such as a lodge corporate card or virtual card numbers, then these are exempt from 3D Secure authentication. These payments will be typically Business to Business payments (B2B), which will already have dedicated corporate processes and protocols in place. This exemption does not apply for personal corporate cards.   * &#x60;DelegatedAuthentication&#x60; &#x3D; Delegated Authentication; You can request for this exemption to not perform 3D Secure authentication again if you have already performed it. To be able to do this, you must already have undergone accreditation with the card schemes for 3D Secure authentication. This means the card schemes now trust you to perform 3D Secure authentication independently of them (the card schemes have delegated authentication to you).  | [optional] 
**Website** | **string** | Fully qualified URL of the website this transaction came from. This field is useful if transactions can originate from more than one website.  Supplying this information will enable reporting to be performed by website. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

